B L A C K
Kizumonogatari Part 1: Blood and Iron
Umm...
I-I didn't see anything...
B L A C K
Ehehe...
Well...
No matter how you think of them, skirts have pretty low security when it comes to hiding things you don’t want others to see.
I guess I would need a firewall like spats?
I guess...
Well, I’ll be leaving now.
Hey, wait a sec!
I’ve finally caught up with you.
You walk pretty quickly,
Araragi.
Why do you know my name?
Eh? Well, of course I would.
We go to the same school.
Written with the ‘a’ (‘阿’) that’s the ‘ka’
\(‘可’) from ‘kanou’ (可能 / possibility), two ‘ra’s (‘良’) from ‘ii ko’ (良い子 / good kid), and the ‘gi’ (‘木’) from ‘jumoku’ (樹木 / trees and shrubs).
fuck this i cant give enough fucks to change this
And your first name would be ‘koyomi’ (‘暦’) from ‘toshitsuki no koyomi’ (年月の暦 / the yearly calendar), right?
So it's Araragi Koyomi.
And you are Hanekawa.
Hanekawa Tsubasa.
wow fam desu
B L A C K
Amazing! You know the name
of someone like me!
At the final test of the first semester of the second year,
in all subjects, physical education and visual arts included,
you got wrong only one question in the forms.
that Hanekawa Tsubasa.
FUCK U HERZK I KNOW THIS DOESNT HAVE ANY FLow
Eh? Hey, come on, now!
Why do you know that much?
Could it be that you are...
stalking me?
I have no idea why the fuck did i time this line but might as well keep it
xDDDDDDDd
Or maybe I'm just too paranoid?
No, not really.
I heard it from my alien friends.
Eh? You have friends?!
Why aren't you questioning the aliens part?!
Well, it's just...
You always leave the impression of a loner, living in solitude.
Well, like you said, I don't really have any friends.
And you are so famous that
even people without friends know you.
Hey, quit it!
I don't really like this kind of jokes.
Hey, Araragi,
do you believe in vampires?
What's the matter with vampires?
Well, recently I've been hearing rumors.
Like there's a vampire in the city, so you shouldn't go out alone at night.
That's a big vague, sounds like a baseless rumor.
They say it’s a blonde-haired, beautiful woman
— a vampire whose cold eyes could chill your spine.
But you can’t tell if she’s a vampire just off that, can you?
What if she’s just an ordinary person who stands out because of the blonde hair?
But... I heard that her blonde hair
illuminated by street lights is almost dazzling
and she doesn't cast shadow.
However, if it happens at night...
Doesn’t it seem too much like a hoax, with a setting like a street light?
Yes, even I think it is a silly rumor.
If there are vampires, I’d like to meet them.
Let’s see, maybe meet them is not the thing.
It just would be nice if such superhuman beings existed.
You mean like a god?
It doesn’t have to be a god, though.
Otherwise, nothing would really come out of it, right?
Oh, my bad, my bad.
Araragi-kun, unexpectedly you’re easy to talk with.
I got carried away, I feel like I told you something that makes no sense.
It is odd that you are easy to talk with, yet you don’t have friends.
Why don’t you make any?
If you make friends, your strength as a person will decrease.
Eh?
I’m sorry, I don’t quite get what you mean.
Well, you see,
it’s kinda like this...
You see, if I had friends, I’d have to worry about them, right?
If my friends get hurt, even I would,
and if they were sad, then I too would be sad.
Putting it that way, these weak points build up.
And I'd grow even weaker as a person.
but, if they have fun, then you’d have fun,
and if they’re happy, then you’re also happy,
Wouldn't the good points build up as well?
No, I envy when friends are having fun,
and I’m jealous when friends are happy.
Small minded.
fuck off m8
I’m...
Huh?
I'm going to head to the library now.
Wanna come with me?
Why?
What are you gonna do there?
Obviously, I’m going to study, what else?
Obviously, you say...
Sorry, but I’m not praiseworthy enough to study on my own,
even without homework to do for Spring Break.
But next year you will have exams, right?
Exams? Whatever.
I doubt I will even graduate.
I won’t make it in time no matter what.
Hmm?
Araragi, do you play Pokemon Go?
Well, I do have a cellphone.
Could I borrow it?
Thanks.
Here.
I put my number and e-mail in there.
Hanekawa Tsubasa
Too bad!
You made a friend!
What's with her...?
S.O.S.
Thou!
I will... let thee save me.
Can thou hear me?
I am saying I will let thee help me.
fuck this line, i don't speak moonpanese
Hey,
are you okay?!
I’ll immediately call an ambulance
Amboolens... I do not need it.
Thus, give thy blood to me.
Araragi, do you believe in vampires?
They say it’s a blonde-haired, beautiful woman,
a vampire whose cold eyes could chill your spine.
My name is Kissshot-Acerolaorion-Heartunderblade.
The iron-blooded, hot-blooded, cold-blooded vampire.
I will swallow thy blood to make it my flesh,
so give thy blood to me.
A vampire?
Shouldn’t you be... immortal?
I lost too much blood.
I cannot regenerate any more, nor shape-shift.
At this rate, I will die here.
A worthless human,
should consider a honor to become my flesh.
F-Flesh?
Blood... couldn’t you do a transfusion?
Ho-How much do you need?
For the time being, with thy share I can endure this emergency...
I see, my share...
What is the matter?! Blood. Give me blood.
Quickly, I say. Why are thou dozing off, thou dolt!
No, no way... I should be able to escape.
I should be able to get away.
Hey!
You're kididng, right?
You aren't going to save me?
No, no, no!
No, no, no! I do not want to die.
I do not want to die! I do not want to die!
Save me!
Save me, please!
Please, I beg thee!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry...
GOMENNASAI GOMENNASAI GOMENNASAI GOMENNASAI GOMENNASAI GOMENNASAI GOMENNASAI GOMENNASAI
I’ll die.
She’s a monster.
A vampire.
There is no need to save her!
Right?!
I know that already!
Don't give up, stupid!
C-Can I?
Did you think you couldn't, you idiot?
Shit, shit, shit!
Why?
Why did it turn out like this?
I have never had a reason to keep living no matter what,
I have never had a reason to give priority to my life, even if I died,
it won’t have any impact on the world.
That's why, I'm gonna save you, with my blood.
It’s all yours, all of it.
Don’t leave a single drop.
Thank thou.
Just a dream...
Hey.
Wake up!
5 more minutes...
Come on, wake up!
Not yet.
How long do you want to sleep?!
About 46 hundred million years.
Another earth will arise!
Wait, isn’t it bad if I woke her up right now?
B L A C K
Idiot!
Seriously...
What kind of idiot would suddenly walk right under the sun?
Dost thou have a death wish?
A normal vampire would evaporate in an instant.
Don’t let there be another time where you go out when the sun is there.
Having immortal powers, you’ll burn,
regenerate, burn, regenerate in an eternal loop.
Well, that is what it means to be an immortal vampire.
Vampire?
Then... you are...
B L A C K
Yes. It is I, Kissshot-Acerolaorion-Heartunder-Blade.
You can just call me Heartunder-Blade.
I’ve only created two subordinates in four hundred years...
Looking at your regeneration powers,
you turned out pretty good.
S-Subordinate?
Yes, so thou!
Now that I think about it, I still don’t know thy name.
Well, whatever.
The name you had up till now, doesn’t hold much meaning to the you now.
Anyways, servant.
Welcome to the Night World.
Where... where are we?
Indeed, although I call this place a cram school
it closed down a few years ago already.
And since it’s now just a ruin, it became convenient for hiding.
Hm...
Then, Kissshot, next question...
Wait! Didn’t I tell you to call me Heartunder-Blade?!
That's so long, though.
Kissshot is shorter...
Or can I not call you that?
No.
Well, fine,
you can call me whatever you want.
I have no reason to refuse.
Then,
what's your next question?
Well,
did I really become a vampire?
Of course you did.
There is no point in explaining now,
thou art my subordinate, my servant.
Be honoured.
Servant...
Then, why the fuck do you look like a loli?
Last night... When I met you... you looked like an adult.
Well, I'm sorry that I look like a child!
No, I didn't mean it like that!
Thy blood, I sucked it all.
But this degree wasn’t enough,
that’s why, we became connected.
Even with that I only kept my life.
With that said, I kept the minimal degree of immortality,
the majority of vampire powers became limited.
So inconvenient.
My limbs are like this, only the shape regrew.
Well, the insides are empty,
with that being said, it should be no problem...
However,
the master-servant relationship needs to be clear, servant!
Even though I’m like this, I’m a vampire that has lived for 500 years.
The master servant relationship should be clear,
you being turned into a vampire just recently, should never speak with a peer-like speech.
Ha-huh...
Huh, an ambiguous answer...
Do you really understand?
Umm, yeah, I understand.
Then as a sign of obedience to me, rub my head!
That's enough.
B L A C K
Why,
did you turn me into a vampire?
I had the determination to be killed,
when you sucked my blood.
It's nothing special.
After your blood gets sucked by a vampire,
you’ll turn into a vampire.
That's all there is to it.
I see.
Well, to me this is just right, do you know why?
To thee, it is something you have to do.
Although thy blood by itself allowed my body to recover,
the me right now, is far from full power.
So from now on, thou must taketh action.
Me? Action?
I...
can't turn back into a human?!
That’s what I thought.
I understand why thou wouldst have these feelings.
Then, what can I do? I—
B L A C K
You can...
turn back.
I swear on me momma.
Those three people specialize in exorcising vampires, they make a living by killing those like me.
Then, we need to defeat them?
What kind of idiot talk is that?
Do you have a death wish?
Although the point about having my limbs taken away is heartbreaking.
I don’t have much regeneration power left,
in this situation, how can I fight?
Like I said...
I just need thou to face those three people,
and retrieve my limbs.
It can’t possibly be that easy?
If thou wants to turn back into a human,
I need to have my full power restored.
Basically, back to my complete form.
For that, my limbs are needed.
But I’m no good with things like fighting.
Won’t I get exorcised?
Idiot, thy weakness only applied when thou wast still Human.
Thou right now art my subordinate.
Though thou art weak,
in my current state thou couldst easily overpower me.
So basically, even though you’re a Vampire, you’re weak?
Not at all!
Hmm, even if the presently weakened you isn’t as strong as me...
You’re stronger than me at full power and yet those three men were
able to take away limbs from the you in complete form?
I was ambushed by those three people.
I underestimated them.
Basically,
as long as you fight them one on one,
you should be able to take them on.
Honestly,
it'll be easy.
What should I do?
What, what are you people saying?!
I’m just a human!
Are you guys just gonna kill me like that?!
You are really energetic,
did something good happen?
B L A C K
Huh?
Thank you.
You saved my ass there.
No need to thank me.
I saw you were alone, so I helped, Araragi.
That's all.
No need to be so alert around me.
You are really energetic, did something good happen?
Well, in any case, let’s go home first, Araragi.
Go home?!
I mean to that cram school ruin.
He?
Wait a minute.
How do you know about that?!
Hm? Of course I know.
It was me who introduced the place to that child.
Well, as they say: If you have Honor, you have Bravery.
That child, Heart-under-Blade, was dragging your body,
so I told her about the place.
You, what kind of person are you?
Me? I’m just an old man
who passed by, that’s all.
Relax,
I’m not a vampire exorcizing specialist.
Although it’s not like I know nothing about vampires.
Though, my specialty is much broader.
You're back!
Huh?
The guy behind... I think I've seen him before?
That's mean. You don't even remember me?
Well? How did it go?
Huh.
Those three,
it’s troublesome that they’re still working together.
Anyway, you said you couldn’t defeat
those three people even at full strength.
Then how could I, your subordinate, stand a chance?
Like I said,
just fight them one by one!
That's impossible, they cooperate.
You said it was okay to just dillydally here,
but even here, sooner or later they’ll find us.
There’s no need to worry about that.
While you guys were sleeping I had set up a barrier here.
Barrier?
Something like a force-field?
You can call it that.
You,
what exactly is your goal?
Why would you help Kissshot and me?
I know you’re not one of them, but are you really one of us?
You're being really mean.
I want to achieve a balance.
That is to say, it is my job.
Communication between here and there.
You made a self-introduction,
didn't you say you would go on?
Oshino Meme. A free man of no residence.
Well, it'just think that I'm an authority in terms of monster.
Thouh, I'm not like those 3 people, I’m not great with monster exorcizing.
What do you mean “Not great”?
To put it simply, I don't like it.
But you're not a specialist?
I am a specialist, that’s why I help to maintain the balance.
I negotiate.
Essentially, I’m a middle-man.
Negotiation?
Here and there - connecting?
What is here and there?
Where is here and where is there?
Here probably refers to humans, there to monsters.
Monster?
Great.
I prefer to call it Kaii.
And that child sitting here, she is the Kaii Killer.
A rare type of vampire that can absorb energy from Kaii.
idk what line again, i dont speak taiwanese
B L A C K
Listening to the conversion you guys just had,
it seems like this matter is particulary serious.
I couldn’t have imagined that something so troublesome would happen.
It is not troublesome at all. It is very simple.
To a vampire that can live for a long time, it may be simple.
But for us humans it is very difficult.
Right, Araragi?
Moreover, I’m interested in you, Heart-under-Blade.
It’s interesting that you’re willing to turn Araragi back into a human. I’m interested in this point.
From this perspective, I can stay on the middle-ground.
Middle-ground?
You mean between us and the others?
There’s no other.
Can you help us?
I’m not helping you.
I’m only lending you my strength.
Right now, the balance is off.
Ahh, but of course, this is a job so it can’t be free of charge.
Right, payment...
How about two million yen?
Note: around 6,860,000.00 zimbabwean dollars
Two million?!
I won’t press about when to pay.
But I don’t lend my strength for free.
Without this, there won’t be balance.
But...
So, can I hear your plan?
You say you’re a negotiator but it isn’t that easy.
You won’t retrieve my limbs from them.
I wouldn’t even think about it. Besides, I don’t know the plan yet.
It’s possible that I can do it.
I’ll bow my head and ask nicely.
Fortunately for us, this game can be solved with words and words alone.
Game? You think this is a motherfucking game?
First of all, we’ll need to split them up.
It shouldn’t be a problem if we do it one-on-one.
Though, even you can’t read their moves, Heart-under-Blade. So I’ll need to find a way to do that.
But, brat, how are you going to negotiate with those three people?
Ask while bowing my head - They’re an easygoing bunch.
And then Araragi will then handle retrieving your limbs.
If he can safely return your arms and legs, you can return to your completed form then, Araragi will be free to return to humanity.
Hey, servant.
I didn’t bring any human currency. I’m not even certain what kind of amount two million yen is.
I’ll leave that debt to you.
Don’t worry.
This brat’s skills are real.
This I can assure you.
I don’t have much money saved,
but if you won’t press me on it,
I’ll bear the debt!
Well, it’s decided.
Haha, thank you for your patronage.
xd